Well, the big day finally arrived.
After all those months of preparation,
it was just as I imagined.
Oh wait!
That’s not me.
That’s me.
As I watched my sister
get married that day,
I couldn’t help
but think about my own future.
When I began dating Shane,
everything was perfect.
We spent a lot of time
talking on the phone.
Everything just naturally
seemed to click.
I was convinced he was the one.
But over time,
I started to notice some things.
I was starting to see patterns.
And they didn’t seem
to be getting better.
I wasn’t even sure
our goals were the same anymore.
I felt alone.
But thankfully, I wasn’t.
My mom kindly asked
how things were going,
so I told her.
“Maybe he’s not the one,”
I told her.
I thought she was going to tell me
which way I should go,
but she didn’t.
Instead, she reassured me
that if he wasn’t the one,
I was going to be OK.
They reminded me about what Jesus said
when building a tower.
“For example, who of you
wanting to build a tower
“does not first sit down
and calculate the expense
to see if he has enough
to complete it?”
I realized that I was about to enter
into a building project of my own
—my relationship with Shane—
and I too needed
to “calculate the expense”
before I commit to it.
They encouraged me
to talk to Shane
and tell him about the things
that were concerning me.
So I did.
And my mom was right.
I was OK, more than OK, really.
Shane and I decided it was best
to break off the relationship.
And some years later,
I found someone
that loves Jehovah as much as I do,
and I love him with my whole heart.